Add Reolink siren documentation (#26282)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

- Optical zoom control
- Focus control

## Siren entities

> If the camera supports a siren, a siren entity will be created.
> When using siren turn on, the siren will continue to sound until the siren turn off is called.
> In some camera models there is delay up to 5 seconds between the turn off command and the sound stopping.
> The siren turn on supports duration (no turn off needed) and volume options.

Reviewer: Some rewording suggestions:

```suggestion
If the camera supports a siren, a siren entity will be created.
When using the siren turn-on service, the siren will continue to sound until the siren turn-off service is called.

In some camera models, there is a delay of up to 5 seconds between the turn-off command and the sound stopping. The siren turn-on service supports setting a volume and a duration (no turn-off service call is needed in that case).
```

- The Reolink NVR only sends event-notifications if motion happens on the camera connected to the first (index "0") channel, therefore the binary sensors of all channels will only be updated when the first channel sees motion.
- Reolink doorbell presses only generate ONVIF event notifications when the doorbell is directly connected to your network. The doorbell visitor binary sensor will not work when connecting the Reolink doorbell to an NVR.
- Older firmware versions do not expose the necessary information the integration needs to function. Ensure the camera is updated to the [latest firmware](https://reolink.com/download-center/) prior to setting up the integration.

> - The siren turn off command does not work on the Reolink NVR, you need to power cycle the NVR/camera to stop the siren. Reolink is aware of this firmware bug and is working on a solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The siren turn-off service does not work on the Reolink NVR, you need to power cycle the NVR/camera to stop the siren. Reolink is aware of this firmware bug and is working on a solution.
```
